Updated documentation for AC (#2436)
openvinotoolkit/open_model_zoo: tools/accuracy_checker/README.md

# Deep Learning accuracy validation framework

> The Accuracy Checker is an extensible, flexible and configurable Deep Learning accuracy validation framework. The tool has a modular structure and allows to reproduce validation pipeline and collect aggregated quality indicators for popular datasets both for networks in source frameworks and in the Intermediate Representation (IR) format.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Accuracy Checker is an extensible, flexible and configurable Deep Learning accuracy validation framework. The tool has a modular structure and allows to reproduce validation pipeline and collect aggregated quality indicators for popular datasets both for networks in source frameworks and in the OpenVINO.
```

Author: Done
